README.md, before:

<!-- Animated Name -->
<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Orbitron&size=30&duration=3000&pause=800&color=5EEBFF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=TAHIR+ATTAR;COMPUTER+SCIENCE+ENGINEER;AI+%7C+MACHINE+LEARNING+%7C+PYTHON" alt="Typing SVG" />
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <b>Engineering intelligent systems where code meets intelligence.</b>
</p>

---

## 🧠 Developer Dashboard

<table>
<tr>
<td>

### 👨‍💻 About Me
- 🎓 Final-year **Computer Science Engineering** student  
- 🤖 Focused on **AI, Machine Learning, and Python**
- 🔐 Interested in **Cybersecurity & System-Level Engineering**
- 🧩 Strong in **Data Structures & Algorithms**

</td>
<td>

### ⚙️ Tech Stack
- **Language:** Python  
- **AI/ML:** Machine Learning, Feature Engineering  
- **Security:** Malware Detection, Static & Dynamic Analysis  
- **Core CS:** DSA, OS, DBMS  
- **Tools:** Git, GitHub, Linux  

</td>
</tr>
</table>

---

## 🎮 Game & Code Zone

### 🧩 GitHub Tetris

![GitHub Tetris](tetris/tetris.svg?v=1)

🟢 **Auto-playing Tetris game rendered on a GitHub-style contribution grid.**

*Live updates every 2 minutes via GitHub Actions*

- Grid: 52 columns × 7 rows (days × weeks)
- Frame-based updates: falling pieces move down one row per run
- Line clearing: full rows disappear, upper rows shift down, new row inserted at the top
- Python script `tetris/engine.py` updates the persistent game state and generates the SVG
- GitHub Actions runs on a schedule (every ~12 minutes) and auto-commits updates

---

## 🚀 Featured Project

### 🔐 DigiKavach – Multistage Malware Detection System
- 🛡️ Windows-based **AI-powered malware detection system**
- 🔍 ML-based **static analysis**, **sandbox execution**, and **behavioral monitoring**
- 🧩 Modular architecture with real-time alerts and reporting

👉 Explore more projects in my repositories.

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats Dashboard

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=your-username&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" height="160"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=your-username&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" height="160"/>
</p>

---

## 🧠 Coding Philosophy

```text
while(problem_exists):
    analyze()
    design()
    code()
    optimize()

Commit message:

Fix: switch to 1-minute updates; remove animation (GitHub caches SVG)

README.md, after:

<!-- Animated Name -->
<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Orbitron&size=30&duration=3000&pause=800&color=5EEBFF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=TAHIR+ATTAR;COMPUTER+SCIENCE+ENGINEER;AI+%7C+MACHINE+LEARNING+%7C+PYTHON" alt="Typing SVG" />
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <b>Engineering intelligent systems where code meets intelligence.</b>
</p>

---

## 🧠 Developer Dashboard

<table>
<tr>
<td>

### 👨‍💻 About Me
- 🎓 Final-year **Computer Science Engineering** student  
- 🤖 Focused on **AI, Machine Learning, and Python**
- 🔐 Interested in **Cybersecurity & System-Level Engineering**
- 🧩 Strong in **Data Structures & Algorithms**

</td>
<td>

### ⚙️ Tech Stack
- **Language:** Python  
- **AI/ML:** Machine Learning, Feature Engineering  
- **Security:** Malware Detection, Static & Dynamic Analysis  
- **Core CS:** DSA, OS, DBMS  
- **Tools:** Git, GitHub, Linux  

</td>
</tr>
</table>

---

## 🎮 Game & Code Zone

### 🧩 GitHub Tetris

![GitHub Tetris](tetris/tetris.svg?t=1)

🟢 **Live Tetris game on your contribution grid** — updates every minute!

- Real blocks fall and stack
- Rows clear when filled
- Score increases with line clears
- Next piece preview on the right

- Grid: 52 columns × 7 rows (days × weeks)
- Frame-based updates: falling pieces move down one row per run
- Line clearing: full rows disappear, upper rows shift down, new row inserted at the top
- Python script `tetris/engine.py` updates the persistent game state and generates the SVG
- GitHub Actions runs on a schedule (every ~12 minutes) and auto-commits updates

---

## 🚀 Featured Project

### 🔐 DigiKavach – Multistage Malware Detection System
- 🛡️ Windows-based **AI-powered malware detection system**
- 🔍 ML-based **static analysis**, **sandbox execution**, and **behavioral monitoring**
- 🧩 Modular architecture with real-time alerts and reporting

👉 Explore more projects in my repositories.

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats Dashboard

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=your-username&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" height="160"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=your-username&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" height="160"/>
</p>

---

## 🧠 Coding Philosophy

```text
while(problem_exists):
    analyze()
    design()
    code()
    optimize()
